Add data storage for plugins
Migrate to .net framework 4.8
Check version only if diagram is main thread.
Compare application version before update.
Check if opened diagram is empty and mark it as signed.
Check version and show update form.
Rename assembly to InfiniteDiagram.
Select node with right click when popup is shown.
Remove default color from link.
Remove blinking when add node to slelection.
Move scaled items wth keyboard.
Align scaled items.
Empty file is by default signed.
Select only visivle nodes.
Calculate line position according to center of nodes instead of node corner.
Scale layer after go to layer.
Open layer if document is not signed
Zoom to node with alt.
Select items change color in options.
Allow change colors in diagram by options.
Set background color.
Prevent open link when diagman is not signed.
Sign diagram.
Save program configuration as xml.
Csharp script plugin load assemblies.
Log in chronologic order.
Add new tab after selected tam in scaled view.
Show svg lock on lock page.
Paste text to ritch text editor.
Add opened diagram to system recent files.
Remove async opening link on node.
Set diagram as default and open it instead of empty file.
Open link to diagram as new view instead open by system.
Paste plain text to text boxies.
Csharp scripting plugin.
Save dialog before closing diagram with deleted file.
Move last open file in recent files history to top.
Closse application after password orm is cancled .
Open window position avoid task bar.
Open link in browser.
Open directory node in explorer.
Migration o .net core.
Color picker in to one square.
Improve performance of uid plugin, search files by size. Small files first.
Restore window after open already oppened diagram.
Add features tab to console with last features list.
Center new diagram in big screen.
Move plugin to installation.
Update .net version .
Remove image with f6.
Close thread after application exit.
Scale diagram.
Fix copy layer.
Scale diagram.
Fix config file test.
Move ncalc to plugin.
Remove newton json and configfile class.
Check for updates.
Fix save diagram.
Fix open url with hash problem.
Open email.
Run script in thread.
Move script engine to plugin.
Remove new line when node is cut.
Search in node links.
Hide node when is created by middle button draging.
Plugin error handling.
Get focus for form after bring to front.
Unloc diagram on click to view.
Close edit panels when diagram is closed.
Fix bring to frond forms.
Send response from server after message recives with status.
Focus on fomrm change window state to normal if is minimalized.
Support for find uid in file plugin.
Basic blugins infrastructure.
Improve security string comparison.
Fix bring form to front function.
Use strong name keyfile.
Open recent files.
Migrate to visual studio 2017.
Go to node with @end and @home mark in link.
Add more image types to change diagram icons.
Change remove backround dialog text.
Get utf-8 string from clipboard.
Diagram image background.
Speedup search nodes.
Unsave after insert date.
Add link edit to bottom of node textbox.
Add ling go to node command type (#).
Add release note for version tracking.
